[clang-tidy] Fix `modernize-use-constraints` crash on uses of nonstandard `enable_if`s (#152938)
llvm/llvm-project: clang-tools-extra/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

- Improved :doc:`misc-header-include-cycle
  <clang-tidy/checks/misc/header-include-cycle>` check performance.

- Fixed a :doc:`modernize-use-constraints
  <clang-tidy/checks/modernize/use-constraints>` crash on uses of

>   nonstandard ``enable_if``s with a signature different from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  non-standard ``enable_if`` with a signature different from
```
Because of `'s` formatting was bugged.

>   ``std::enable_if`` (such as ``boost::enable_if``).

Reviewer: I think we generally write
"Improved XXX check by fixing a crush on uses of ..."
